Add chat popout command (#2812)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: Made "#channel" in `/mentions` tab show in usercards and in the search popup. (#2802)
- Minor: Added settings to disable custom FrankerFaceZ VIP/mod badges. (#2693, #2759)
- Bugfix: Fixed FFZ emote links for global emotes (#2807, #2808)

> - Minor: Added `/popout` command. It opens provided channel's web chat (or current split's web chat if no arguments are provided) in browser. Usage: /popout [channel] (#2556)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added `/popout` command. Usage: `/popout [channel]`. Opens browser chat for provided channel. Can also be used without arguments to open current channels browser chat. (#2812)
```
Just took the changelog from #2443, works well.
